well Hamas militants abducted nearly 200
people after they carried out their
Massacre last week the mother of one
French Israeli hostage has pleaded for
her daughter's release I didn't know if
she's dead or alive until
yesterday all I knew is that she's May
might be
kidnapped
um I'm begging the world to bring my
baby back home
she only went to a party to a festival
party to have some
fun and now she's in
Gaza well our correspondent Rebeca rers
is near the Israeli city of the rod not
far from the border with Gaza Rebecca
how can Israel ensure the safety of
these hostages in Gaza while bombing the
territory Ben I think the short answer
to that is that they simply can't they
can't Ensure sure that the civilians are
going to be okay as they continue on
this campaign uh but they you know
definitely are giving every indication
they're telling us that that is one of
their main priorities is to try to
ensure uh that those hostages will be
able to be brought out alive the ones
who are alive Hamas has said that some a
couple of dozen around about 20 have
been killed so far in strikes there's
simply no way to confirm that we did see
the first host video yesterday as you
just mentioned we just heard from the
mother there of a young woman who has
been taken now in the video she is alive
she's uh being been uh medically treated
by somebody who we cannot see in the
video and she pleased to be uh let go to
be able to to re be reunited with her
family uh so if that's any indication
you know we we think that
Hamas going from previous hostage taking
taking that the hostages for them are
are more worthwhile alive rather than
dead so perhaps they will be trying to
keep the hostages alive as of as when in
terms of the military the Israeli
military as they continue on their
attack they are trying to get of course
Cate as much information as they can on
the whereabouts of the hostages but
indiscriminate or targeted even targeted
attacks cannot guarantee their safety
and what about all the gazen Ians who
are on the move at the moment um can we
expect any sort of message from Biden
when he arrives in Israel
tomorrow I think most certainly that
will be uh a very high priority on his
agenda when he's here making sure that
uh at least juel Nationals that that
border that rafha Crossing will be able
to be opened up I think that's something
that he'll be working very hard towards
to try and get at least some people who
have managed to get on some lists
through that cross
uh of course the in going the other way
trying to get humanitarian relief inside
of Gaza is another top priority but
another huge priority of his visit will
of course be trying to deescalate this
from spilling into a wider regional
conflict a show of support with Israel
and a warning to other actors uh in the
region uh namely Hezbollah and Iran to
the northern border in Lebanon where
hezb have been conducting some cross
fire uh some cross some tit fortat
attacks with the Israeli military in the
north Biden is going to be trying to
prevent that from escalating as best he
can uh while he's here and urging the
Israelis uh restraint on that side as
well uh so definitely a very important
visit from the US president and uh you
know a very very big
agenda okay we'll have to leave it there
Rebecca R's reporting from the Garen
border
okay